both filming reviews for you also i can
upload a review nearly every day so if
you see this a sambal in the review
videos i film them all on the one day
but have been uploading him every other
day or every day however i plan to do it
from this video forth arm and also if
you have seen my latest videos for a
month I've been rocking the short hair
but today I put in some awesome
extensions curled it and we kind of got
a little bit of a very layered long hair
look going on today so if you're
wondering about the long hair it's not
my own or a week it is just extensions
that I've applied into the hem so
nevertheless I've explained next I know
people ask me oh my god your hair it's
not a wig it's just extensions within
the hair and I've killed it so today is
going to be a review but you can
probably see by the title down there
which is for the Rimmel scandaleyes
rocking curves mascara now this mascara
I used for about eight days and the last
few days have been using something else
which you will see in a review video
coming up very shortly after this one
probably in a day or two which is
another mascara one but this is for the
rammer one which is the scandal eyes
mascara this one is very edgy tube
mascara I really do like it it sort of
says kind of punk rock chick kind of
edge of fashion look I really do like
the troop I think packaging wise I like
the look a lot um anyone who knows me
very well knows that I love the scandal
I Cole pencils just you know here's a
random light blue and dark blue i love
them i think they are amazing so when I
go in for a drugstore mascara and I see
that they have a new one from scandalize
I will always pick it up I've tried so
many from the range that this is just
another one to add to my hot or not
listing so first of all packaging like I
said before is is a hot I think it's
fantastic packaging and it just really
kind of makes my inner rock chick really
happy having and owning this mascara and
kind of it works now the brush it's
called the half heart brush and as you
can see is a monster freaking huge brush
I personally think that this is too big
I mean in a compass with my I you can't
even seem
anymore it's just really huge I did find
that that was a little awkward to you at
first I just don't understand makeup
companies coming out with these huge big
brush things and its first to promote
volume or something now this one when i
went online says it will give you full
lashes but it more promotes the curb and
the curls over curl now i do apply this
after i have curled my lashes and i have
also applied it some of the time without
curling my lashes whether you curl or
you do not curl and you apply this
mascara it will give you a curl anyway
so if you're a girl who hates using this
little tool that can be painful if
you're new at it you don't need to use
it if you're using this mascara because
the brush is so awesomely huge and kind
of curved in the way that it is it does
lift and separate and curl all on its
own it is a really good brush for that
it's not going to be for everyone if you
have very short stumpy lashes this is
going to be a nightmare in a mascara but
if you have long lashes too thick lashes
to even full long lashes this will give
you a beautiful curl that will hold for
about 9 to 10 hours I am not kidding
here it holds the whole day and that to
me it was a wonder so for curl this does
do it gives you a really nice curve
within the the last now the formula is a
kind of more dry side formula it does
build on itself very nicely so you can
get about three coats of this without
looking clumpy or over spidery which I
thought was a very very very nice thing
so it does build on very nicely it is a
jet black mascara when it goes on it is
very very very black it's not grave like
it's not brown black it is just straight
black mascara so that's also fantastic
and it didn't flake too much of the day
I did notice when I was hitting about
the eight hour mark but I did notice
very small tiny flecks of a bit of a
mascara but nothing too much that you'd
worry about and they were very dry that
you could wipe them away and not have a
problem so that on itself it shouldn't
flake but it's not such a big hassle
that you can just get rid of them so
overall I would say this is a hotmess
car if you're in the market for a new
one and you just want very full lashes
that have a beautiful curl to them
and you don't have to use this tool of
pain then this is a really really good
mascara I would repurchase this the
moment that it is over I do like that it
is a more dryer formula the only thing i
will say that is kind of a con and if it
does bother you don't get it it does go
a little bit hard and crunchy but that's
only if you build up on the third layer
if you stick with two it's a little less
on the crunchy side but if you do build
up to three do be wary that on some
people that does include me it does go a
little bit crunchy in a bit but it
wasn't anything that was overly
bothersome I just noticed it so just to
give you a heads up on that but overall
I think this is a hot product I think it
will go great using paired with Michael
pencils which I love from Rome also two
thumbs up to ramble for these scandalize
rocking curves mascara so thank you so
much for watching this review please do
come rate and subscribe if you have any
further questions about this then please
do ask me below if I left anything out
and i'll catch you soon in many more
beer